I wonder if it would be possible for me to see something.
I have heard about it, and if somebody has been leaking about it, but I would like to
see the report on shine sometime, if the army is willing to release it.
Secretary Stevens, Stuart, I doubt very much what they are.
Whatever they have got on that would have to be pulled together and so forth and so on.
Senator Simington, I understand it.
It has been pulled together, and I don't want to see it pulled apart before we get a chance
to look at it.
Naturally, it is a great interest to us.
Secretary Stevens, close me.
I doubt very much whether it would be available, Stuart.
Senator Simington, you see we have a right to, under the rules of the committee, as they
now stand, to approve all staff members.
I don't imagine we could ask for it.
Secretary Stevens, I am sure you have plenty of rights.
But actually, I don't know where it is, what shape it is in, or if it is available, Stuart.
Senator Simington, I know it has been made.
Secretary Stevens, I don't have anything at all myself.
Senator Simington, have you seen the report by Secretary Stevens?
Because Adams has been handling the contract with the committee, and most of the contract
has been with him.
Senator Simington, have you seen it?
Secretary Stevens, I would know of certain things that Adams has transported to me, but
have transpired.
Senator Simington, is it a higher authority than that I would have to go to to get a look
at it, Secretary Stevens?
First of all, I would have to look and see what is there.
And then, when I did see what is there, it would certainly be a matter that would be
of interest to the Department of Defense.
Secretary Simington, I will not let you down.
I don't want to push you on it, but we have got a problem.
The whole staff picture is a problem for everybody.
Secretary Stevens, I personally think that anything in that line would prove to be very
much exaggerated.
That would be my opinion.
In other words, I think there has been some talk around, but it has been, I just can't
do your thing with him.
Would you read that last minute?
Secretary Stevens, I personally think that anything in that line, would you comment on
that?
When you went on from yesterday, Senator Simington, I don't want to push you on it, but we
have got a problem.
The whole staff picture is a problem for everybody.
Secretary Stevens, I personally think that anything in that line would prove to be very
much exaggerated.
That would be my opinion.
In other words, I think there has been some talk around that has been very much exaggerated
over anything that is there.
I am the Secretary, and I have had some talks with the committee and the chairmen and
so on.
And by and large, as far as the treatment of me is concerned, I have no personal complaint.
In other words, when he got after swickers, of course, then I hired.
But as far as I personally am concerned, I don't have a lot of stuff so far as my contact
with Joe or the committee is concerned.
Senator Simington, I have no personal problem either, but you see that situation operates
as a TV, and you and John told me some of the things that have been said by the fellows
that are still active.
I am not looking for trouble, but apparently I can't run from it.
Incidentally, I would appreciate this being clouded between you and me.
I have heard that the Army now is pulling back at this one of the reports because it is
not just for the Army.
So, Terry Steven, Mr. Chairman, I am not here.
By the end, that is the point that I wanted to be five in between him and me.
And otherwise, not me, you can quite contact, but that is the point.
I ask him to consider five in the fact that I heard that the Army was pulling back on
the shine reports.
So, Terry Steven, I don't know about that.
I don't know anything here that is not good for the Army.
Mr. Chairman, there is one of the minutes that it is a clear assignment that is going to
be explained.
We are looking at some very, very important cross-examination of him and his family.
What I have to do is reveal you serious about him as well.
I think you are 10 minutes all around.
I think it is a good time to give him a big round of applause.
You have a good answer to the air, Bill.
We will come here from around Missouri.
Think of Sam, this one.
This is an extremely important day to that.
Chairman, there should be no other option this time than the reaching of the offensive.
I see so exciting things.
I know how about this.
It is a bloody trip.
If there is any way we could get the facts without mentioning talking to you.
I will speak to the chairman.
I have seen him.
He is down south somewhere.
I was suggest that we get the report.
I would like to see it.
But if we can't have it, I would urge that the way it was in the beginning to be the way
it is now.
I must look at the calamity and the rough she gets.
I desire to read the next paragraph being a conversation with the Secretary of the Army
and the Stevens.
I ask you to follow me closely.
It is a lot of stuff.
It is not a question of bothered, but I have more important things to do in my opinion than that particular thing.
I don't see any particular knowledge of it.
I don't think there is too much to leave.
I think it has been a lot of talk.
I don't think there is too much more.
That would be my guess.
However, I can talk to Adam and find out what I can see.
Mr. Lucas, did I read that paragraph correctly with the exception of the submission of two
educations?
There are one sentence ended and I don't think there is too much there.
There is too much more.
We have a line from the end of the paragraph.
I don't think there is too much to leave.
Too much there.
The company that the chair has said too much there.
I think there is too much there.
As you can see, I have been identified that Mr. Lucas tweeted with the adjective deleted.
When you read it as you have it, there is a short paragraph.
The two educations which I believe in.
That's very simple.
It is a lot of stuff.
It is not a question of bothered, but I have more important things to do in my opinion than that particular thing.
I don't see if I have any particular knowledge of it.
I don't think there is too much to it.
I think it has been a lot of talk.
I don't think there is too much there.
That would be my guess.
However, I can talk to Adam and find out what I can say.
The full proceeding of Mr. Lucas, you agree with me that the issue of those two educations has been changed.
In no wise change is the meaning of that paragraph.
Yes, sir.
Can we proceed?
Senator Simonton, I will be glad to talk to him myself.
Secretary Steven, let me talk to him myself.
Senator Simonton, we now have a council on the committee.
And the rules have been materially changed.
And everybody takes responsibility for the establishment of the staff.
And that interest may.
Secretary Steven, I don't know any reason why you can't take an interest in the staff quite a few years.
But I have quite a part from what we are talking about.
Is that the full context of that conversation, Mr. Luther?
No sir, thanks.
Mr. Luther, please go to court.
Senator Simonton, this time, into it and you and your in-gen talks to me.
Secretary Steven, I will talk to your in-gen.
Senator Simonton, if you will do that as your discretion, I would appreciate it.
Secretary Steven, and I will call back to you.
Is that it?
Yes, sir.
Is that all?
Do you have no other monitor telephone call?
No sir.
As far as you know, either one is left on Mr. Rhodes and the one just left on you.
All of the monitor telephone calls are the past between the sectors.
And Senator Simonton?
No sir, I have no further questions.
Thanks, the witnesses.
Okay, madam.
Mr. Chairman.
Well, I'll proceed with the, I can make sure I say this.
Correct.
The chair has not been saying that we are now proceed with the tenors go round.
The chair has been in some assignment and premises, like in the case of statement.
Following the meeting of the country after the statement by Senator Simonton,
and the chair will be the first one to ask questions to move around table.
Senator Norman, Mr. Chairman, I would say, please.
Senator, the chair has been in some assignment.
Mr. Chairman.
There's one other, no one has agreed.
There's one of the first more programs.
There's one of the first more programs, Mr. Chairman.
Very important, when I think.
And I think Mr. Simonton should have in mind when he makes his statement.
We know, find the man with the academic advice that Mr. Steven was, Mr. Clark Clifford.
You don't find that.
I told you that.
You came up in that.
I know, too.
And I asked you, you told me.
Mr. Chairman, the only one was the matter of personal privilege.
I may take you by personal privilege.
Mr. Clark Clifford, the top stage to present a human.
I'm not prepared to let Mr. Simonton make a statement to Mr. Steven,
the two and I, and work together, I met.
And then letter to statement, I want to keep this quiet.
Mr. Simonton, I just qualified myself for something that's good.
Mr. Chairman.
Mr. Simonton has never told the estimate that he had a working arrangement with Mr. Steven,
that he was getting one of the top eights of personal privilege around the show.
And I may say, Mr. Chairman, that is the document show very clearly.
Mr. Simonton came back on the committee to try on a way.
Our attempts to expose communist, good and forthrightism administration in common,
deep in statement, Mr. Chairman.
In common on the place.
He should have given these facts to this committee.
He can't consistently sit here as a fair judge.
After he has said to Mr. Steven, I will get you a top-democratic lawyer number one.
And number two, he says you and I must work together.
And Mr. Chairman, I think, said they come here to Missouri.
Without any motion on the pilot committee, should have this time promptly disqualified himself
because he has rarely disqualified.
And I can now understand why he objected so strongly to having these matters in the record.
And also, Mr. Chairman, we find here the statement that Mr. Rogers is on our side.
We have been in touch with him.
Mr. Rogers is a man, Mr. Chairman.
Who must pass upon questions of evidence?
Who must pass upon questions of his past, of his appropriates?
Mr. Chairman, I ask now.
And I formally request that Mr. Rogers needs the penis to take this stand.
And if he wants to take some privilege, but having do it, number two, Mr. Chairman.
I ask that Mr. Sannington be requested to do what the Republican members of this committee have done.
Mainly in all these things, the in honesty of taking this stand right there,
and subject themselves to crossing regulations.
What the first thing he should do is disqualify himself.
Here's Mr. Sannington.
Well, Mr. Chairman, I've listened carefully to this dry drive
because his son is doing it with confidence.
And my opinion is just another diversion.
Before he tries to get me to take a position with respect for this committee,
I would suggest that he goes through with what he said today about putting any gunballs
and see to it that the calls of his two staff members are also put in.
Now, because...
... some assignment has a farce.
Now, I've been calling, he brings up the name of Mr. Clark for the five of his current.
I think it's in the order for me to say how much the clerk got into my conversation.
Not also, like I say, and I have been in the government for a long time.
I'm not having an assignment.
You have to wait for me, but you've got to get a job.
And I cannot proceed without interruption.
I would always go and go for anything I say because I always tell it's true.
And I think we're wrapping it again into a point.
The Federal Senate gets a size, some of the paracters that the Senate brings up.
And I was saying before, interruption is a very strong voice.
Mr. Clark, flipper, is my friend.
The Secretary of the Army came to me.
He was a fast-paced diplomat.
The way the Union's down there from Wisconsin, the panel, General Quicker,
has seriously impaired the morale of the United States Army.
And he asked me for help.
Why he came to me, particularly instead of some of his brothers, some American colleagues,
I don't know, but in telecom, I keep visiting his father.
And I find him to get a good lawyer.
And he asked me if I knew a good lawyer.
I said, yes, I did.
I didn't.
The lawyer is not recommended to him, Mr. Clifford.
That is the way that he got into this case.
All I would like you to do before going abroad was send up ready on a trip
that we have just reported on, was not to see anybody else's panels.
In the way that Secretary Stevens told me that General Quicker had been handled.
I might add, based on my trip abroad, putting it mildly,
the reaction was detrimental to the morale of the United States Army, Navy, and Air Force.
Now, I was anxious to see, as I say, that none of these hearings,
as much as I was back, what a committee at this time, for help,
and I was very sure I stripped the Europe.
I must have told him, and if I may proceed with my statement,
which I was also interrupted on, since that I'm a coffee agree,
to put his telephone calls in the record.
I would also move that the committee now has met a call and call,
whether it's individuals and employees of this committee,
they will consent to the introduction of their phone calls in the public record.
I know that these phone calls are for me as employees of the committee,
and they claim for sure it's a committee business,
and they obviously contain relevant and necessary information for this investigation
if we are going to get it the truth.
If message call and call or accuse, to permit their phone calls to be made a part of the public record,
I know the committee consider whether they should be subject to dismissal
as employees of the committee, just as any other federal employee,
with old relevant and vital information to congressional hearing is subject to dismissal.
And I know the committee consider whether they should be dismissed
or subject to disciplinary action in the event they refuse.
These men are not seven of my coffee employees, they are employees of the committee.
They cannot take seven of my coffee's directions,
is against the directions of the committee, in matters of committee that I met the chairman of the committee.
My statement, my call or the render record, I call on those who are flexible in this case,
and not judges to put theirs in the record.
Nice thank you.
Mr. Mr. Chairman, I'll proceed with the ten minutes.
Go around.
Mr. Chairman, you'll fight a water?
Yes, Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank Mr. Chairman.
I would like to ask Mr. Chairman whether or not the center of Missouri
is willing to accept going or holds another cross example of him,
who for example is driving his statement, and the deal with a clever judgment.
Mr. Chairman, it's not a plain water.
You might take up in your ten minutes, please.
Mr. Chairman, it's a question of the chair.
It's not a plain water.
It's a question of the chair, like the minute.
You make it at your own ten minute time, our rule.
Say they have to be a plain water or a plain water for a small public.
I reckon you would.
Mr. Chairman, I believe you.
Because I thought you would.
I don't want to let you in now saying it's not a plain water.
Chairman, I believe that's the matter of personal privilege.
Mr. Chairman, I think that's the matter of personal privilege.
So the seven centers here are setting as judges of my staff and of me.
The third is an image which is found true, who will resolve them ruining their reputation.
Two young men who had my staff.
We now find Mr. Chairman.
I think this is a matter of personal privilege.
That's one of the judges who refuses to take the oath, refuse to disqualify himself.
And apparently they may come kind of a deal to get them fantastically, Mr. Chairman.
And there's a direct this, who is one of the top advertisers of President Truman and the chair knows the primary guide that President Truman and I hold each other in.
And I think that's the, I think Mr. Chairman, that as a parent, I should know so I can govern my actions accordingly.
Number one of other center signings is willing to take the oath as I take it.
That has a three Republican second.
Number two, but I need to yield the consent as an impartial judge on this committee.
And as a point of personal privilege, Mr. Chairman, I ask that he be asked those two questions.
This is the most unusual situation I thought you was doing.
This is the most unusual situation, Mr. Chairman.
And then I run into.
I can understand by the center of Missouri doesn't want these documents read, but it first ought to be in a fantastic situation.
I've got two young men who I've got to protect. I've asked them to come on my committee.
I find now that the one that just is was working with the deputy attorney general before the charges were made.
And I think Mr. Srammingham should be put under hope.
He should be willing to do that. I know we can't force him to so we can get all of these details.
There should be no more secrecy.
He's going to be conclusion with the chairman.
Mr. Srammingham was a man who for days and days was telling how he wanted all of the facts laid on the table.
He wanted nothing but the truth in this whole case.
Mr. Chairman, I'm running to try and get my idea of this.
And I don't want to continue this discussion with the junior senator from Wisconsin.
As far as all the facts being laid on the table, I have laid every fact on the table that I know of.
I have laid facts on the table which might bring criticism of friends because in the beginning I said that I wanted to do just that.
All these conversations will apply to any decision with respect to any hearing.
And since there was a decision for hearings in this matter, I have not discussed anything with any principle in any way.
I believe that is a statement of fact except in this courtroom passing a march made here or there.
Now I say to the junior senator with for Wisconsin, why doesn't he now practice what he preaches?
Here he has the opportunity to put all of his calls and the records and those of his two staff members who based on the new rules were working for this committee just as much as they were working for him.
Let's get on with the hearings and not on with the diversion chair has the next 10 minutes and I think this is probably me.
Are you the point of order?
I feel that this is not a mean to just start to think about me and that I should be entitled to answer to this in the fine measure and I'll try to do that very briefly.
First of all, Senator Marching.
I think I made a very big mistake.
The White House is one of the most important expenditures.
And I hope I can speak to Mr. Carr as well.
At the very beginning, we can send it that all the money to the polls between us and the other people go in on condition that the American people be given full level for this country.
I have a record of page 3.4.7.
The second day of these years is waiting for you to sign up for that expenditure and if this bill will be made available or will be made available, I will sign up and I don't have to call out any documents which will get them all on the record.
I have to make that very clear.
The second to make this is the kind of my client.
I can't do anything about the hearings and the decision here.
I've served this committee and I've had complete confidence in this matter and I hope they have had that as me.
But I heard that here is a thank you file and I'm just signing up and I'm going to speak before they hear the begining.
Well, if you and I are going to work this thing together, I hope it puts me in a very bright, bright, physical position.
I know it puts Mr. Carr on that.
I'm not sure if the Senate will come up with that.
We have one about a gender, a senator who will be calling here in the begining.
The one of the principles who has made the charge of a guest bill that they are going to work for.
Together, I'm dealing with this so I wonder if this is not going to be because I know he is sick of it.
But the honorable person will not have that.
Well, Mr. Carr, I would add to that in this morning that when I was trying to do desperately with Mr. Speeber,
the director for Joe, was to try and find and get back here before there were any further hearings with respect to the hammer.
When I got back here, I want to be there for no serious mistakes.
When I got back here, there had already been leakage into the press about the so-called China force,
which later I received in a letter that it was being sent to me and sent to the other center.
As long as Mr. Cohn has brought himself into this connoct we can, I would like to add Kim.
Here, he got up with his calls in the record for Indy.
You see, Mr. Commander, I think I was going to the first one to say that a full full in these hearings is submitted.
Mr. Johnson, sir, Mayor Hannon.
I didn't say anything. You must have heard somebody else.
Mr. Cohn, I think I was going to the first one to say that a full full full went into the hearings,
might have go in and they could see the first one could go in by now, might go in.
Other than that, I can't, I can't on that statement, just a time of thinking you say you want to be fair about this.
If you feel like you will know, the first thing is that a full full full and if there is an agreement made which can take two seconds,
that a full full full full is, I don't know if that might be the first to be registered or not.
Now, Mr. Cohn, all of a sudden, as if it were written, what are I going to do?
I'm just going to be just a security officer.
Well, I thank you, I thank you.
I thank you.
I'd like to ask you a question again.
I have put my call to the staff in the morning.
I said I would put him in, if you and Senator McCaw be in a Mr. Cohn, but you are there.
Without any catch, without any mental reservation and hesitation of any time.
Now, I have put mine in.
The only reason I ever run for them in the press break is because the names of friends were mentioned.
Nothing to do with me.
Now, I have put mine in.
I ask, are you going to put your call to the records this afternoon?
I have to tell me this.
It's quite clear.
I hope I have.
The call of the Tri-Aff relates to other calls, but names in the state of which Tri-Aff gives the council for this committee.
Sometimes, I go and ask that Mr. Ceepe and Mr. Adams produce that they know all of them at the time of the concert.
They follow along together.
As soon as the call is arranged, they go in.
And I know that they will go in.
So we have a call picture.
I will ask them, might be ready for the other's arrest.
As long as I know that they will go in.
And I recite against their call, our call for second.
November 24th.
November 25th.
I believe that the 7th and 28th one has been supplied.
And the other, which I will listen to, Mr. Jackson.
I may know that those who will go in, I will be glad to have any form of mine go right into the records there.
Yes, sir.
Mr. Chairman.
It is now very clear that the zone used to continue to list the call.
Some of the calls that were asked for are based on the statement of the witness and the White House calls that never be put in.
It is now clear that Mr. Cone, who has been accused of infrocal pressure against the Army for private chines, does not intend to put his name in the court.
The police called in the records.
I have a good, not exceedingly.
Good.
Good morning.
You by the way.
One, one.
You have a record to say this.
That he is gunnagized by Senator Potter.
That he may or may like to have his, not have been called, but in the record on the same basis of those of Senator's month and funds in today.
They are running out of time and the chair and the 50% of them is constantly also one of the head of his calls.
They are going to be arrested on the same basis.
They simply point up the facts.
It is time.
You are moving pretty fast.
You are controlling the time.
We have agreed to get the company by the box.
Just one minute on Mr. Chairman or less.
Can I both keep it down to less than one minute?
Oh, I want to find out Mr. Chairman that has been viewed as new development of the price of Mr. Cone, Mr. Stavins the Great, to say a total run there is on their side.
They definitely really general run.
We must get the phone calls, and Roger, Simon, and Stavins for the public with that.
The complete conflict here.
Mr. Chairman, I say that the new, the interlocking nature of the call, we might staff on the Pentagon.
I hope they share over the weekend purchase the price of it.
To make all those calls available so that we can in all fairness put in these interlocking calls and part of my staff apart.
My calls are concerning the lay world in the middle of the most wide time.
As the Senate with Cunson knows, the members of this committee have been trying long and hard to find a way to get all of these calls in.
And we are going to continue to try to get all the calls we can insofar with the interpretation of the presidential executive directive.
Mr. Welch has agreed to do some nothing.
The chair will do nothing he can.
We'll try if we can. I think it would be very much in the public interest personally.
They have all of these calls with the Britain, in corporate interests.
The chair has these 10 minutes now.
He must say in all countries that he has transpired with this committee today.
Thank you.